Why did you get down on your knees for this scum?
How is that possible?
Why did the White Prince confess to this trash murderer?
It's impossible.
You may know that I am the emperor.
Please forgive the slave for offending God.
To confirm the identity of his royal descendant.
This needs to be remembered often.
Old man, no, no.
You look like one of our employees.
A little agitated.
This piece of trash is also carrying around pretending to be a big character.
Come down.
Dear, why do we talk at home, this slave dog keeps talking a lot.
Do you think he can take on the role of the Five Emperors?
It's not him.
From now on, Qin Xiao is the only main actor of the Great Five Emperors.
Who supports who opposes
Li Qiang, you did it.
Men and women give and receive no kissing
Why did you join the play?
This dragon robe was raining so cold that the eating props were immediately sent to Chen's props.
You have to behave well.
Don't disappoint the expectations of our family.
For your part, our family remembers every single one of them.
Drive home.
Haha, Mr. White, don't go.
The young man is guilty.
Criminals killed thousands of people.
White Prince White Prince
It's done.
I have sinned against Prince White tonight.
The East Sea sky is collapsing.
Starting today, you will be trained as an actor.
Looking forward to your performance on the training ground.
This girl is safe.
I'll definitely be there on time.